well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about some information that came out of
California some statistics and this data
is very important but for some reason
I've only seen it buried at the bottom
of articles I'm not sure people
understand how much information can be
extrapolated from this one little figure
it's something we've talked about on
this channel before in relation to what
could happen if people the government
banned certain types of items you know
people would build them at home and I
talked about the fact that it's very
easy and people ask well is this a skill
set that only blue-collar people have is
this a skill set that's only in the
rural areas
what would criminals go to these lengths
to do this and I'm over here like I have
no idea I don't know but now we do now
we do because the information is out the
ATF is telling us that 30% of the
firearms they are pulling out of
California now our home made that is a
huge number it's a huge number and it
tells us a whole lot about whether or
not that's going to be something that is
widely done first will it be done to get
around gun bans apparently because
California doesn't have an outright gun
ban they have a lot of restrictions it's
heavily restricted but there's still a
wide variety of firearms that can be
purchased legally it will be used to get
around that because it is being used to
get around that then it's easy it's easy
it's a skill set that has either been
developed or existed we know that it's
easy because Arizona and Nevada two
nearby states have very lacks gun laws I
think in 2020 Nevada will start doing
background checks on private sells but
as it stands they don't
what this tells us is that it's easier
to manufacture them at home than it is
to drive a couple hours and lie about
where you live that tells us a lot and
it tells us that this is something that
has to be taken into consideration
anytime legislation is proposed the
types that are being made range from
semi-automatic pistols to aks
there does not seem to be a limit on
what can be manufactured at home when I
discussed this with somebody earlier
they're like well can't we just ban the
parts no not really the skill set is now
there they understand they they will
completely grasp that most of this is
available at Home Depot this is not you
don't have to use the finished parts
which a lot of these a lot of the ones
in California did there really looks
like they're manufacturing one piece
what the receiver looks like they're
making that at home and buying
everything else on the market the thing
is the receiver is one of them over
complicated pieces that's the piece
that's that is actually considered the
gun if they can manufacture that if they
can complete that from a from a template
or whatever they can do the rest of it
so all of these parts are available at
your hardware store it's it's just metal
so this shows us again that we have to
address root causes anything else is not
going to work people in the United
States have way too much of a desire to
own a firearm it's tied to the DNA of
the country
it's gonna have to be removed here up in
somebody's head before you ever going to
be able to get it out of people's hands
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night